tomorrow
Hello everyone
This is the second at bat
This movie has just been released in the spring of 2010
We will explain to you about gps navigation system gp33 from
gp33
It is from the past
Released as a successor to the monochrome gps navigation system gp32.
As you can see the high brightness high resolution
In order to adopt vga liquid crystal of the order from 4.31
We will offer you a big race if it's very easy to see
can do
For graphic images
Of course this simple plot
Settlers to benched Alling destinations
And
GPS reception status and
I'm sorry that the coc blank
Various
We can provide you with graphic expressions
With regard to operability, follow the operation of no good and 3d
Every time as a totally new type of gps navigation system
The main role of the gps navigation system is
Receive public information from the ps3 temple that is here
And such as pc plotter and fish finder area
To send public information to that navigation instrument
And this gp33
canvas
Equipped with both new and old interfaces such as nna0183
Because
If you are using the latest magnet, of course
For those who use traditional gourds and radar
It is an opportunity to use
Beijing University
Destination submission
10 000.
And remember the maximum route
Yakult
Outperforms gp32 in the furnace
I am sending raw yesterday and
Explain the operability in detail in the next movie
We will do it, so please take a look at those people
tomorrow